Added README to BannerBase (#6894)
MetaMask/metamask-mobile: app/component-library/components/Banners/Banner/foundation/BannerBase/README.md

# BannerBase

> BannerBase is a foundational component, which serves as a base for any inline notification.

Reviewer: Can we align the description with the insight reports for figma and extension?

![Screenshot 2023-07-25 at 10 11 00 AM](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/assets/8112138/2b1a5481-b278-4485-9ede-d847873216cd)

![Screenshot 2023-07-25 at 10 09 29 AM](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/assets/8112138/c17a91bf-6e74-4d7a-90bd-bfac9338466e)

<img width="1344" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-25 at 10 10 13 AM" src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/assets/8112138/e9838c9e-99dd-4825-8f3e-35a33a537b3c">

```suggestion
BannerBase serves as a base for all banner variants. It contains  standard props such as information and related actions.
```
